#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp-retry
    #   twilio
aiohttp-retry==2.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twilio
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
apimatic-core==0.2.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   squareup
apimatic-core-interfaces==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apimatic-core
    #   apimatic-requests-client-adapter
    #   squareup
apimatic-requests-client-adapter==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   squareup
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   django-htmlmin
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
boto==2.49.0
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.35.4
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.35.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
cachecontrol==0.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apimatic-requests-client-adapter
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
celery==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
cron-descriptor==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python3-openid
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   squareup
django==5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-markdownx
    #   django-paypal
    #   django-redis
    #   django-storages
    #   django-timezone-field
django-admin-honeypot==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-allauth==64.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
django-axes==6.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-bootstrap4==24.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-compressor==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-csp==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-htmlmin==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-markdownx==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-paypal==2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   suit
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
git-filter-repo==2.45.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gnupg==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.142.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-htmlmin
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpickle==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apimatic-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apimatic-core
kombu==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
lxml==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-markdownx
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysql-connector-python==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mysqlclient==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   deprecation
    #   gunicorn
    #   pipdeptree
paypalrestsdk==1.13.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-markdownx
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pipdeptree==2.23.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-repl
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==5.27.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gnupg
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twilio
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paypalrestsdk
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apimatic-core
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   python-crontab
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
python-memcached==1.62
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-paypal
rcssmin==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
redis==5.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-redis
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apimatic-core
    #   apimatic-requests-client-adapter
    #   cachecontrol
    #   django-paypal
    #   google-api-core
    #   paypalrestsdk
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   stripe
    #   twilio
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rjsmin==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   html5lib
    #   paypalrestsdk
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
squareup==38.0.0.20240821
    # via -r requirements.in
stripe==10.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
suit==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
twilio==9.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stripe
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   html5lib
wheel==0.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
whitenoise==6.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecated
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
